README.md, before:

# BIDAR

# Scholarly
The scholarly report can be found here: https://nicolaecarcalet.github.io/bidar/ and the source in 'docs/index.html'

The user guide can be found in: 'docs/user_guide'

The demo video can be found in: 'docs/demo'

The open api specification files can be found in 'docs/openapi'.

# Contributions per team member
Nicolae Carcalet  
#### Backend Work
* Implemented the main(fully), profile(fully), recommendation(fully) and auth service(Jwt generation and general architecture fully)
* Wrote the following sections in the documentation file: What is it?, FrontEnd, Architecture, Final users(refine), Services, Tech stack(Java, Spring Boot, Apache Jena, VueJS, H2)
* Created the open api specification using java annoation
* Created the Github repo and set up the static page hosting for the documentation file in the said repo
* Wrote the user guide 
* Recorded the demo
#### Frontend work
* Implemented the Explorer page FULLY
* Implemented the profile page(profile, skills and interests)
* Finished the integration between the login and the auth service
#### Cloud
* Set up the google cloud infrastructure
* Deployed the services and frontend in google cloud, app engine

***
Eduard Ghergheluca
* Implemented the UI using vue js
* Updated the scholarly documentation for VueJs accordingly

***
Daniel Chisa
* Implemented the register functionality in the auth service

Commit message:

added drive link to demo

README.md, after:

# BIDAR

# Scholarly
The scholarly report can be found here: https://nicolaecarcalet.github.io/bidar/ and the source in 'docs/index.html'

The user guide can be found in: 'docs/user_guide'

The demo video can be found in: 'docs/demo' and it is also available on google drive: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VKqKpGzWrbgfJVQ8hPy_Jqk6IIREIIuE/view?usp=sharing

The open api specification files can be found in 'docs/openapi'.

# Contributions per team member
Nicolae Carcalet  
#### Backend Work
* Implemented the main(fully), profile(fully), recommendation(fully) and auth service(Jwt generation and general architecture fully)
* Wrote the following sections in the documentation file: What is it?, FrontEnd, Architecture, Final users(refine), Services, Tech stack(Java, Spring Boot, Apache Jena, VueJS, H2)
* Created the open api specification using java annoation
* Created the Github repo and set up the static page hosting for the documentation file in the said repo
* Wrote the user guide 
* Recorded the demo
#### Frontend work
* Implemented the Explorer page FULLY
* Implemented the profile page(profile, skills and interests)
* Finished the integration between the login and the auth service
#### Cloud
* Set up the google cloud infrastructure
* Deployed the services and frontend in google cloud, app engine

***
Eduard Ghergheluca
* Implemented the UI using vue js
* Updated the scholarly documentation for VueJs accordingly

***
Daniel Chisa
* Implemented the register functionality in the auth service
